Final Round Sample Question
Explain your current project and it working, uses etc.
Java :
1. What is Immutable concept in java
2. What is private constructor, when to use it .
3. Difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder
4. Muthreading, Synchronization concept
5. Exception Handling, Try with Resource, Try catch and finally uses
5. Collections framwork question and OOPs concept
DS and Algorithms Topic and sample question.
1. Sliding window
Question : Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
2. Tree
   Print all nodes at distance k from a given node

3. Trie
 Given a string s and a dictionary of strings wordDict, return true if s can be segmented into a space-separated sequence of one or more dictionary words.
4. Grap/ DP
Find minimum path max sum in a given matrix
5. HashMap
 group anagrams
6. Two pointer technique
7. Mathmathical Question
8. Hashmap with keys as child node and value as parent node
Need to return the root node with highest number of child node in it
9.Find sub-string of minimum length with all distinct characters in it
eg:
Input string : "abbbccfbbaacfba"
output : "cfbba".

Please find the attached study material.
Data structure and Algorithms-
1. Basic Strings, Array and Mathematical based problems.
2. Sliding window problems
3. Problems solved using HashMap, Set and Stack.
Java question:
1. Collections Framework in-depth knowledge.
2. Immutable concept in Java, creating own Immutable class with working code.
3. Exception Handling all concepts like, try with resources etc.
4. Create a Design pattern like Singleton etc. with working code.
Please find the sample questions for the  coderpad round and share the solution:
Question 1) Find the longest uniform substring (having all the characters as same) in the string. Return the initial index of substring and length of substring.
Example:-
Input    :-  aabbbbcde
Output :-  [2,4]
Explanation -
Longest uniform substring - bbbb
Initial Index - 2
length of substring - 4
Remarks :- It should be done using an approach of O(n) time complexity
Question 2)   Given a 2D array of students and marks. Find the highest average marks among students.
Example:-
Input - [ [Shubham, 55], [Shivam, 68], [Shubham, 97], [RItika,97]]
Output - 97
Input - [ [Karan, 55], [Shivam, 68], [Karan, 97]]
Output - 76 (Karan average mark is 76 which is greater than Shivam average marks 68)
Question 3)  Given an array of unsorted integers and a value K. Find the minimum length of the subarray whose sum of elements is greater than or equal to K.
Example:-
Input   :-  arr = [1 2 3 5 8], K = 10
Output :- 2.  length of subarray [5 8] whose sum is 13
Remarks :- It should be done using an approach of O(n) time complexity
Question 4) Print all prime factors for a given number
Input 12 output 2 2 3
Input 315 output 3 3 5 7
5. Find first non-repeating character of given String
6. Maximum path sum in matrix