1. Spring MVC with example and tricky interview questions and programs
2. Spring Data JPA with example and tricky interview questions and programs
3. Hibernate with example and tricky interview questions and programs
4. JDBC , What is the difference between Statement and PreparedStatement in JDBC?
-Statement is used for executing static SQL queries. PreparedStatement is used for executing precompiled
     SQL queries with parameters, providing better performance and security against SQL injection.

5. Dependency injection in springboot with example and tricky interview questions and programs
6. Spring MVC vs Spring Boot
7. Circular Dependency - how to break
-Here are different ways to handle circular dependencies:

 Using @Lazy Annotation-    When ServiceA is being initialized, Spring injects a proxy instance of ServiceB
                            because of the @Lazy annotation.This proxy instance will delegate calls to the actual ServiceB instance once
                            it is fully initialized.

 Setter Injection-  Spring first creates instances of ServiceA and ServiceB without injecting any dependencies.
                    After the bean instances are created, Spring performs dependency injection through the
                    setter methods.

 Field Injection-   Similar to setter injection, Spring first creates the instances of ServiceA and ServiceB
                    without injecting any dependencies.After the bean instances are created, Spring injects dependencies directly
                    into the fields.This ensures that both beans exist before their dependencies are injected, thus breaking the
                    circular dependency.
 Using ObjectFactory or Provider - ServiceB can get an instance of ServiceA by calling
                                   serviceAFactory.getObject().This lazy resolution of dependencies ensures that the actual instances are
                                   created and injected only when needed, breaking the circular dependency.

8. Annotations in springboot with example and tricky interview questions and programs